# GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Version 2, June 1991

Copyright (C) 2025 Network Tools

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

Preamble

The licenses for most software are designed to take away your freedom
To share and change it. By contrast, the GNU General Public License is
the complete opposite: it is intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change free software--to make sure the software is free for
all its users.

This General Public License applies to most of the Free Software
Foundation's software and to any other program whose authors commit to
using it. (Some other Free Software Foundation software is covered by
the GNU Library General Public License instead.) You can use it for
your programs, too.

When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price. Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
this service if you wish); that you receive source code or can get it
if you want it; that you can change the software and use pieces of it
in new free programs; and that you know you can do these things.

To protect your rights, we need to prevent others from denying you
these rights or asking you to surrender the rights. Therefore, you
have certain responsibilities if you distribute copies of the software,
or if you modify it: responsibilities to respect the freedom of others.

For example, if you distribute copies of such a program, whether
gratis or for a fee, you must pass on to the recipients the same
freedoms that you received. You must make sure that they, too, receive
or can get the source code. And you must show them these terms so they
know their rights.

Preambles continue...

[Full text of GPL v2 should be here.]
